WebView2: Improve docs for async methods (#759)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/0-9-538/icorewebview2newwindowrequestedeventargs.md

> public HRESULT [get_IsUserInitiated](#get_isuserinitiated)(BOOL * isUserInitiated)

> The Edge popup blocker is disabled for WebView so the app can use this flag to block non-user initiated popups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WebView2 controls may display pop-up windows because the Pop-Up blocker is turned off. To block non-user initiated pop-up windows from being displayed, use `get_IsUserInitiated`.
```
